Have you seen Secretary Li?
I think he took the elevator down not long ago
Haven't come back yet?
Can't find it?
Xu Tao
Thank you, aren't you ready to go public?
What about Secretary Li?
Wasn't he just here?
No
Li September, indeed, still betrayed me
It's okay, I have a backup plan
What backup plan?
It was Secretary Li who asked me to come
He also sent me all the plans for me to assist
Even if he is not there, it will not affect the listing.
What's wrong, Zhao Zixuan?
You are despicable and shameless
I advise you not to shout
I've booked all the rooms on this floor
It's useless even if you yell
Zhao Zixuan, what do you want to do?
What do you think?
I'm afraid you won't be able to keep your promise.
I just tied you up
Good for everyone.
You think you keep me here?
Can't the company go public?
I have already sent the backup to Xu Tao
I knew you'd go back on it.